Usage:
        opendir-dl [command] (flags) (options) [values]

Commands:
        index           Index a url and it's child directories.
        search          Search a database containing indexed URL.
        download        Download one or more URLs.
        help            Display this message. (default)

Flags:
        --inclusive     Changes a search to include all results matching any of
                        the provided search terms. Search is exclusive by
                        default.
                        Observed by: search

        --quick         Changes the indexing method such that HEAD requests are
                        not made for each possible file. This results in a
                        quicker index, but less data gathered for each possible
                        file.
                        Observed by: index

        --quiet         Do not print output while executing commands. This will
                        still print any command results.
                        Observed by: index, search, download

Options:
        --depth [int]   This is the maximum page depth to travel while indexing
                        sites. This is to prevent recursive directories from
                        filling the index database. The default value is 50.
                        Observed by: index

        --db [url|file|db|'all']
                        This specifies the database to be used while executing
                        the command. The provided value can be a URL, a file
                        path, or a database alias. URLs and file paths must
                        point to a valid opendir-dl sqlite3 database file. Valid
                        database alias's are explained in the casheddb section
                        section. The 'all' database alias is respected here.
                        Observed by: index, search, download"

Examples:
        $ opendir-dl index --quick --db test http://localhost:8000/

        In this example we are running a quick index on what is assumed to be
        an open directory hosted on the localhost. Additionally, data generated
        by the quick index is being saved to a nondefault database associated
        with the alias "test".

        $ opendir-dl search --inclusive --db http://site.com/bill.db png jpg

        Here we are searching through a remote database. We are searching the
        database for files that include one or both of the provided search
        terms.

        $ opendir-dl download --db all 4

        This will download the file referenced by the file entry with the ID 4
        in each of the attached databases. This is a useless thing to do, but
        it illustrates that you can download a file by its ID, and that you can
        reference all databases at once.
